Now at this point you might have decided that Crowdfunding is definitely for me.
And this is the path I'm definitely going to go down.
But you might also be undecided.
You might be wondering why should I crowdfund Why don't I just raise funding through angel investors
or venture capitalists or use my savings or go through other traditional routes.
What are the benefits of crowdfunding.
So let's say that you have an idea you're looking at your cool and you thinking oh man cool is a pretty
blonde and they haven't really changed in design for decades either.
I want my cooler I'd have a blender.
I want my cooler to have a speaker.
I want my cooler to have a charging dock.
So then what do you need to do.
Well you're going to have to design it up.
You know maybe in CAD then you going to have to prototype it maybe with 3-D printing or maybe with traditional
prototyping tools and then you're going to have to manufacture it.
So that's a lot of upfront costs with no demonstrable demand for your actual product.
What if people hate the idea of a smart cooler.
What if people really don't need that in their lives.
Now I admire the entrepreneurs who sell their house and bet on their idea and win big.
But a large part of being a successful entrepreneur is actually minimizing your risks.
So if you think back to the story of Richard Branson who started the virgin who started Virgin Atlantic
an airline from scratch essentially he borrowed his first airplane and it was a short term lease.
So if it didn't work out he could just return the plane without having to foot a huge bill.
And this is exactly what Crowdfunding is really good for.
Getting funding while demonstrating demand.
So now you might ask what if my product isn't a physical product.
What if it's a mobile app or what if it's a book.
Or what if it's you know an online platform like the one that we created.
Well you still need funding to get all those things up or front off the ground.
Right.
You don't need to hire developers all you going to have to pay your living costs while you develop that
app or website.
So one of the biggest reasons for Crowdfunding is of course getting funding and you might think well
you know what if my idea is really stupid and nobody wants to fund it.
Well let's look back at some other crowdfunding projects that I would have thought was crazy but they
still did really well.
So hey I want to make potato salad.
That's what this guy Zach named Brown thought to himself.
But you know what I want to make a lot of potato salad and I want people to help fund my potato salad
making.
So he launched a crowdfunding campaign.
And if I zoom in there you can see that six thousand nine hundred and eleven people pledged $55000 to
help him make potato salad.
So you think that your idea is crazy.
Well what about this one.
Chris Cote is a Foa-Foa grizzly bear jacket wear it proudly.
And remember it's not a costume it's a lifestyle.
OK.
But yeah they raised twenty nine thousand dollars for a grizzly coat costume.
Oh sorry.
Lifestyle is crazy.
So it just shows it doesn't matter if you think your idea is crazy it doesn't matter if your friends
think your idea is crazy.
Go out there megaproject and see if there are people in the world who want it and test your idea.